Add genai contributing guidance (#2944)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib: CONTRIBUTING.md

  - ex. <https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/blob/60fb936b7e5371b3e5587074906c49fb873cbd76/instrumentation/opentelemetry-instrumentation-grpc/tests/test_aio_server_interceptor.py#L84>
- All instrumentations have the same version. If you are going to develop a new instrumentation it would probably have `X.Y.dev` version and depends on `opentelemetry-instrumentation` and `opentelemetry-semantic-conventions` for the same version. That means that if you want to install your instrumentation you need to install its dependencies from this repo and the core repo also from git.

## Guidance for GenAI instrumentations

> Instrumentations that relate to [generative AI](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/gen-ai/) systems will be placed in [genai](./instrumentation/genai) folder. This section covers contributions related to those instrumentations. Please note that the [guidelines for instrumentations](#guideline-for-instrumentations) and [expectations from contributors](#expectations-from-contributors) still apply. If you would like to be tagged in PRs related to these instrumentations, please submit a PR to add your github alias to [component_owners.yml](.github/component_owners.yml) under the corresponding instrumentation folder(s). If you would like to be able to approve PRs related to these instrumentations, you must join [opentelemetry-python-contrib-approvers](https://github.com/orgs/open-telemetry/teams/opentelemetry-python-contrib-approvers) team. Please ask one of the [Python contrib maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/open-telemetry/teams/opentelemetry-python-contrib-maintainers) to be accepted into the team. For tracking issues related to generative AI, please filter/add a label for [gen-ai](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Agen-ai) to filter for/create issues. If you do not see an issue related to an instrumentation you would like to contribute, please create a new tracking issue so the community is aware of it's progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instrumentations that relate to [Generative AI](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/gen-ai/) systems will be placed in the [genai](./instrumentation/genai) folder. This section covers contributions related to those instrumentations. Please note that the [guidelines for instrumentations](#guideline-for-instrumentations) and [expectations from contributors](#expectations-from-contributors) still apply.

### Get Involved

* Stay Informed on new PRs: If you would like to be tagged as reviewer in new PRs related to these instrumentations, please submit a PR to add your GitHub handle to [component_owners.yml](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/pull/2944/.github/component_owners.yml) under the corresponding instrumentation folder(s).

* Approve PRs: If you would like to be able to approve PRs related to these instrumentations, you must join [opentelemetry-python-contrib-approvers](https://github.com/orgs/open-telemetry/teams/opentelemetry-python-contrib-approvers) team. Please ask one of the [Python contrib maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/open-telemetry/teams/opentelemetry-python-contrib-maintainers) to be accepted into the team.

* Track and Create Issues: For tracking issues related to generative AI, please filter or add the label [gen-ai](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Agen-ai) when creating or viewing issues. If you do not see an issue related to an instrumentation you would like to contribute to, please create a new tracking issue so the community is aware of its progress.
```

Reviewer: Small adjustment to separate the things in bullets

> Instrumentations that relate to [generative AI](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/gen-ai/) systems will be placed in [genai](./instrumentation/genai) folder. This section covers contributions related to those instrumentations. Please note that the [guidelines for instrumentations](#guideline-for-instrumentations) and [expectations from contributors](#expectations-from-contributors) still apply. If you would like to be tagged in PRs related to these instrumentations, please submit a PR to add your github alias to [component_owners.yml](.github/component_owners.yml) under the corresponding instrumentation folder(s). If you would like to be able to approve PRs related to these instrumentations, you must join [opentelemetry-python-contrib-approvers](https://github.com/orgs/open-telemetry/teams/opentelemetry-python-contrib-approvers) team. Please ask one of the [Python contrib maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/open-telemetry/teams/opentelemetry-python-contrib-maintainers) to be accepted into the team. For tracking issues related to generative AI, please filter/add a label for [gen-ai](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Agen-ai) to filter for/create issues. If you do not see an issue related to an instrumentation you would like to contribute, please create a new tracking issue so the community is aware of it's progress.

Reviewer 2: a small suggestion for the folder - we don't group instrumentations for other tech (like http) inside `instrumentation` folder and it might be a bit inconsistent to have a flat list of instrumentations and genai.

Maybe this would work too:
- `instrumentation/otel-instr-{package}` -  the same
- `instrumentation-genai/otel-instr-openai-v2` - this is new
- `resource/otel-resource-detector-*`
- `propagator/otel-propagator-*`

?

Author: This sounds good to me as well.
